record_type         	string              	None                
blank_field         	string              	None                
special_char        	string              	None                
payt_cmpn_i         	string              	None                
evnt_crat_d         	string              	None                
payt_evnt_i         	string              	None                
cr_dr_f             	string              	None                
cmpn_i              	string              	None                
cmpn_type_catg_i    	string              	None                
pdct_type           	string              	None                
pros_syst_catg_i    	string              	None                
refn_trcd           	string              	None                
inpt_trcd           	string              	None                
inpt_trcd_frmt_catg_i	string              	None                
inpt_tran_scod      	string              	None                
pdct_syst_trcd      	string              	None                
pdct_syst_tran_scod 	string              	None                
tran_a              	string              	None                
chq_a               	string              	None                
numb_of_chq         	int                 	None                
sern                	string              	None                
acct_numb           	string              	None                
acct_numb_frmt_catg_i	string              	None                
inpt_x              	string              	None                
resb_cntr           	int                 	None                
cler_d              	string              	None                
post_d              	string              	None                
valu_d              	string              	None                
actt                	string              	None                
cust_ref_numb       	string              	None                
bill_ref_numb       	string              	None                
ovrd_f              	string              	None                
ovrd_user_type      	string              	None                
ovrd_user_i         	string              	None                
targ_syst_refn_numb 	string              	None                
revs_f              	string              	None                
revs_evnt_rcpt_numb 	string              	None                
revs_cmpn_i         	string              	None                
cmpn_pros_stus_catg_i	string              	None                
intn_acct_numb      	string              	None                
intn_acct_numb_frmt_catg_i	string              	None                
intn_proc_sys_catg_i	string              	None                
ifw_eror_c          	string              	None                
agnt_numb           	string              	None                
apca_i              	string              	None                
acct_accs_card      	string              	None                
remi                	string              	None                
drn                 	string              	None                
bchq_rcpi_m         	string              	None                
pros_bsb_numb       	string              	None                
targ_syst_mlti_refn_n	string              	None                
host_eror_detl      	string              	None                
intn_trcd           	string              	None                
intn_tran_scod      	string              	None                
intn_post_d         	string              	None                
intn_valu_d         	string              	None                
intn_cler_d         	string              	None                
trac_acct           	string              	None                
intn_trcd_frmt_catg_i	string              	None                
cncy_a              	string              	None                
cncy_c              	string              	None                
cler_refn_numb      	string              	None                
cash_a              	string              	None                
fee_totl_gros_a     	string              	None                
fee_totl_net_a      	string              	None                
xrte                	string              	None                
revs_type_catg_i    	string              	None                
benf_bic            	string              	None                
benf_bank_n         	string              	None                
remi_adrs_frmt_type_catg_i	string              	None                
remi_adrs_l1        	string              	None                
remi_adrs_l2        	string              	None                
remi_adrs_l3        	string              	None                
benf_adrs_frmt_type_catg_i	string              	None                
benf_adrs_l1        	string              	None                
benf_adrs_l2        	string              	None                
benf_adrs_l3        	string              	None                
benf_bank_adrs_frmt_type_cat_i	string              	None                
benf_bank_adrs_l1   	string              	None                
benf_bank_adrs_l2   	string              	None                
benf_bank_adrs_l3   	string              	None                
segm_grup_type_catg_i	string              	None                
segm_grup           	string              	None                
segm_subg           	string              	None                
trac_orig_d         	string              	None                
trac_orig_apca_i    	string              	None                
chq_imge_capt_d     	string              	None                
blank_field_2       	string              	None                
